Bugs
Alignment of score areas was not in complete sync with picture areas, this was due to  them being in a separate div and not arrayed in a column
function to display computer choices initially didn't work, on examination of code realised this was because the onclick attribute had not been added to the buttons. Once added, initially got an error message on clicking the buttons because options were not defined. Once defined, testing would not return steel as a computer choice. This was due to the math function being used incorrectly - multiplication factor of 4 was being used on the random number generated to attempt to capture steel in the array of choices, not realising that 5 was the correct factor as math.floor was being used in conjunction with math.random

on introduction of a switch statement to govern choice interactions, an error was produced to say the gameManager function was undefined. previously when using console.log to display computer selections, this had worked and the computer's pick had been shown. This was due to the switch statement outcome not being assigned to the result of the function. A further problem arose when 2 alerts were being displayed for all outcomes except draws. attempts to rectify this by using a separate interaction for each other element resulted in the gameManager error arising again. The error was corrected by inserting a break between each line of the switch statement used to create the interactions, and by combining the previous 2 lines of each case into one line using || between options for that case. 